The aims and objectives, which have been listed below, are used as an indicator of success of the project. These were created using the design requirements of the project. The overall success of this project was measured against these aims and objectives. 

1.	Design and create a boat that is capable of floating on water and being driven around by a radio controller and receiver. The craft will need to be an appropriate size such that it can carry all the equipment on board as well as a decent payload of rubbish to be collected. I will need to create a suitable propulsion system, steering system, and make sure the craft is stable both at top speed and when cornering. It is important to make sure the craft is highly controllable and safe to operate. 

2.	Design and create a suitable litter collection system that can collect litter on the surface of water. The system will need to be able to be turned off, not be damaging to wildlife, and be able to collect all types of litter that collect on the surface. 

3.	Combine the litter collection system with the main hull of the boat. Check that the functionality of both components is not impeded by the combination of the two parts together. Get the two parts of the boat controlled separately using a radio controller (as the radio controller that I have is only 3 channels).

4.	Implement a custom microcontroller based remote control and receiver for the boat that would allow broader uses for the controller. The controller would be able to display some rudimentary values such as, battery charge on the boat, the current capacity of the rubbish collection system, and the status of the litter collection system (operating/not operating).

5.	Add sensors, both active and passive to test for current capacity of the litter collection basket as well as current battery charge. The status would be these combined sensors would be outputted to the controller that would alert the user, alongside stopping the boat when the power is low or when the litter collection basket is full.  
