The final phase of the project was the largest and most time consuming. It required the most development work and planning to conduct. It was the stage that required the most amount of planning. 

The main objectives from phase three are listed in Appendix \ref{app:phase_three}. The project can be split into two main groups, the software and hardware development. 

The software consisted of developing a controller and receiver board for the craft. These required designing a transmission protocol, and writing several libraries to control various devices such as, buzzers, BLDCMs, and DC Motors. 

Most of the hardware for this project was bespoke including, the PCBs, Main Body of the Craft and the Conveyor belt. The majority of the hardware to interface with the PCBs was off-the shelf as they are well-established and known to work effectively.

Only so much of the software was able to be developed without the integration of some hardware. An example of this would be the development of the transmission protocol shown in Appendix \ref{app:transmission_protocol}, without the use of the nRF24L01 RF chips being used for the project, it was ineffective to test and debug. As a result of this, the software and hardware were developed in parallel. This also allowed time for manufacturing of components, such as the PCBs and 3D printed parts.

Setbacks in both the software and hardware development were experienced. As a result of this, the time accounted for in the Gantt Chart had to be skewed slightly further than previously estimated. Some components ordered in early April of 2022 were still expecting delivery in mid May of 2022. This caused significant setbacks in the project. 

Along with massively increased shipping times, and lack of availability of some vital components, software setbacks were also encountered. The nRF24L01P API made for the mBed board was found to be poorly documented and incomplete in parts. This required time to rectify and understand, when ideally it would have been an easy implementation. 

The PCBs were another source of delay, once ordered the board arrived within the specified timeframe. Upon inspection, however, these boards, which were supposed to be fully assembled, were totally unpopulated. This required the components to be quickly ordered and then the board to populated by hand.